Now that we now have to require classes automatically we can replace all of these require statements
with an artful loader.
However we're requiring classes in most of our scripts so let's register the artle load code in a separate
script in the includes folder and then we can include that script in all of our scripts.
So that's create a new file in the includes folder called in it up here.
I want to call it art all load up it p for reasons we'll see in a moment in here we'll call the art
aloud register function.
And inside the artle Load function will simply require the file with the name of the class in the classes
folder.
Then in the index file we can remove these lines where we are requiring individual class files and load
the new it script instead.
When we look at the index page in the browser it still works meaning the classes have been required
after Mattingly as and when we needed them.
We can do the same in the rest of the scripts now.
So here in the new article script we can replace all these require lines with just the init script before
we continue.
However note that in here we're calling session start to start by resume the session which we're also
doing in the index script and in the luggin and logout scripts.
Anywhere we want to be able to use the session file logging in are storing other data.
We need to call session start so that's move this to the init to script to will call it after we register
the artle loader like that.
And while we're here let's add a comment block at the top so we know what this script is doing.
This is why I didn't call the script after all load up with HP as were using it to do general initializations.
Now we can remove the session start line from the index page as it's now in the init script and we can
do that as well in the new article script.
And we can do the same in the log in script.
Replace all the requires And session start with the init script and also the same in the lock out script
in the edit script.
Just the requires and the same.
In the article and the delete articles scripts.
Let's make sure everything still works.
The index page still works as before then let's log in
then we'll create a new article.
Which we can then edit.
And then will delete it.
And finally will log out.
Everything is working as before but now our code is much cleaner as work.
After loading all our classes instead of having lots of individual required statements.